FAQ for drift-correction (#1297)
fluxcd/flux2: docs/faq/index.md

Based on the above definition, Flux will upgrade the release automatically
when Bitnami publishes a new version of the metrics-server chart.

## General questions

### How does Flux correct drift when in-cluster-state diverges from desired-state in the source repository?

> For resources that are managed by Flux's kustomize-controller and helm-controller, manual changes to those resources are reverted/corrected whenever a reconcile event or interval occurs.

Reviewer: New line here please

kustomize-controller corrects drift via a constant, per-object Apply.
helm-controller corrects drift by performing a release upgrade.
helm-controller detects drift purely through helm storage -- individual objects can be overwritten without Helm knowing about it and there are no other diff plugins built into the controller at this time.
Things that are not managed by the reconcilers are not pruned, because it is Kubernetes' design to have derivative objects from higher level ones.
Proper RBAC RoleBindings are necessary to prevent undesired modification to the cluster.

> It's possible to use the kustomize-controller, helm-controller, and helm-release labels to enumerate objects in the cluster that are not managed by Flux.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It's possible to use the `kustomize.toolkit.fluxcd.io/name` and `helm.toolkit.fluxcd.io/name` labels to enumerate objects in the cluster that are not managed by Flux.
```
